You don't object
Why should I object?
I don't like Lin's Group's tens of billions of assets
But at the signing meeting before
You are clearly against me everywhere
Since you are the person identified by my sister
Of course I won't go against my sister
Don't be fake here
What do you want to do?
Chen Shixian, promise me one condition
I immediately relinquish the inheritance of the Lin Group
What kind of condition?
Divorce my sister
You want me to leave Li Mo
Don't hesitate to give up the Lin family's tens of billions of housekeeping
As long as you agree to my conditions
I will support you as the president of Lin's
Brother Shi Xian, I have long wanted to divorce you
Just take this opportunity
That's it.
That's it. Okay.
When I become the president of Lin's Group
I will leave you immediately